an incredible 75 girls have already been
scored in just 18 games in the women's
under-17 World Cup finals there could be
a few more as Bale stages its last game
of the tournament between Colombia from
South America and in Nigeria
more Nigerian players forward in this
move than have been in the previous
moves and the first time ballin it's a
great chance glorious opening footage in
Windows is a perfect cross she's in
between the two defenders looks a
certain scorer
31 minutes Flav Colombian nil Nigeria
nil got through here and this is the
chance and the angle is acute for the
ball is into the net and Nigeria make
the breakthrough through Ali Mattu
Ayinde goalkeeper cuddles were beaten on
the angle and it's a lovely ball through
that enables the goal scorer I Indy to
go on and slide it into the vacant nets
and once again Nigeria find themselves
in front it is Maldonado and he must
keep an eye on a chili sauce the bars
surely did it cross the line the ball in
here off the bar and it's Restrepo
charlie getting across that did not
cross the line Yakubu on she goes beyond
the defender kills one across goalkeeper
zbor surely it's an empty net - firing -
they have their second goal and it's not
a goal because it's been disallowed so
disappointment for Ayinde let's see why
it was disallowed and the goalkeeper
came out and took the player for any
eight ice ball through they're gonna
hold their line here they have done and
the breakage - miss Castillo 101 with a
goalkeeper who makes the save and
e-juice manages to fall Castillo having
been played in Bahraini a time to run
fine but their defenders long legs
helped and then the goalkeeper completed
the stop
it's in now and this must surely be
number two they've got their goalies
taking an awful long time in coming but
gradually the pressure pays off and
Hallie mat-su I Indy as Shirley sent
Columbia back to South America the rally
was made by the number 11 the
substitutes but the final ball dropped
to I India gets a second of this match
and fourth of the World Cup hit long was
a decoy roll oh my goodness it's an old
goal that is headed undeniably by the
number to do out a pass their own keeper
I'm sure it's three goals for Nigeria
but it's an absolute bullet of a header
and Duarte just looks astonishingly at
what she's done
the referee raises her arms to signal
just a three goal triumph for Nigeria
the Colombian copes he's pleased enough
with the efforts I think they have been
second best with coach Fabian felipito
border says well done to his players
they'll be going home not in disgrace
but they've lost this one to two ind
goals in one home girl from Duarte come
on be a nil Nigeria three